Hi sisters who stimulate the battlefield
How can there be Haoran in the world?
Brother, such a handsome man
Haoran Haoran
Martial arts team
Baili Challenge Wow
The cheers on stage were almost
It's about to topple our stadium.
Oh.
Friends Wu Haoran contestant
At a young age, it has become our favorite
Jing Shameless
Hailed as our most promising Super Xishi
Ah!
Look at his opponent is our silly tiger hero
Dawei wow
You have to see his expression flicker
But there are many kinds
The affection we only see in movies
martial arts
It's unfathomable
Undecided
All black names
Such a hand
yet
know
Who will win the final victory next?
Qualify for our ultimate bloodbath
Let's
swab
pending
I'll give you three moves
Lest others say I bully you in the future
You can't, I'll let you
Since you yourself